hi any harm chef town I had a special
request from one of my Facebook friends
picking soup and I got some ingredient
which is the dry wood ear mushroom
bamboo shoot' regular button mushroom
green onion I got some grilled chicken
already cooked I just going to cut it
like this like a little strip or you can
use ground chicken or any kind of
chicken that you have that's fine and we
have this tofu five ounces of tofu
medium firm and I want to introduce a
new ingredient that I haven't cooked yet
which is the dry lillies flowers yep is
it dr elisa lily flowers but in Asian
cooking we use it for a lot of like
making stew or stir-fry and what I did
is soaked into like a warm water for
maybe just five minutes and supposed to
be dry but now after you soak it is nice
and soft and the newly flour dry have
lots of help and the fit for you is good
for like a vitamin C and B 1 and B 2
plus others so anyway I'm going to show
you how to cook it
and I got 1 beaten a 2 so first I'm
going to cut the tofu just going to cut
a little strip tofu maybe like a quarter
inch slice this is the medium firm tofu
or you can use a firm or saw when you
cook with soft tough for you gotta be
careful because they break down very
easily so I like medium firm and then
just going to cut like maybe quarter
inch straw here we go and I'm going to
show you how to cook it here's my deep
frying pan okay I'm going to add some
vegetable cooking oil just a little bit
like this I'm gonna add ginger ginger is
really good for making soup and black
bean paste
if you don't have griping pace you can
do without it it's okay and you can use
any kind of hot chili paste or hot chili
flake or hot chili oil just beat up the
spiciness and get them a quick stir
we're going to infuse the oil to make a
soup more flavor that's good enough and
then the next I'm going to add all my
with your mushroom and the regular
mushrooms and the chicken bamboo shoot'
also just dry Lily here or in them a
quick stir
mmm smells so good gonna be great flavor
all right gonna have to serve along one
minute Renato I'm using this organic
vegetable stock that I had some leftover
this full cup again very simple to make
it home there we go and we're going to
cover up we don't have to add any
seasoning yet until the sauce bring up
to a boil
okay see you later soup is up to a boil
turn the heat down to medium now we're
going to add some soy sauce I like to
try out maybe couple teaspoon first and
depending how salty your soy sauce is
and then you're going to get them a try
mmm good maybe you one more okay
I don't eat too salty so I put three
teaspoon and then the vinegar I like to
use the white vinegar stronger acidity
one two three three teaspoon we stir a
little bit you see the temperature
control is great still bubbling it's
still cooking and get them a quick try
perfect for me if you like most our and
more white vinegar and I always like to
your pinch a some black pepper or white
pepper just a pinch like that get them a
different kind of flavor all right and
now after we flavor the soup and we can
end our tofu in like that
tofu doesn't require a lot of time to
cook and now I can cramp back up the
temperature too high in the next step I
got some cornstarch mix I got 2 tbsp
cornstarch with the three ounces water
and we're going to take to the soup
before we thicken up the soup we want to
make sure to soup bring up to a boil now
the soup bring up to a boil
where you going to ticket the soup by
adding the corn starch mix a little bit
at a time
getting thicker okay
little more
or you can use potato starch potato
starch is stronger than the corn starch
for thicken just a little more that's
perfect
yes and after that we're going to add in
the beaten egg you want to make sure
your soup is thickened before you add
the beaten egg in otherwise the egg when
you pour into the soup without taking it
just flying around everywhere you see
how beautiful there is now nice and the
end sesame oil just like that the flavor
is good the thickness of the soup is
great here we go
ready to serve here's your pickin soup
usually like a hand sour soup um they
like to use a hot chili oil so if you
have like a homemade hot chili oil or
you can drizzle on the top it look
really yummy if you like more spicy just
eat more hot sauce
I'm chef Tom I hope you like a video and
see you next time bye